WEP0, a proposal for the WEP process (#1)
writethedocs/weps: WEP0000_wep-proposal.rst

- Changes to the Code of Conduct (CoC)
- A grant policy to support conference attendees that need financial support
- A policy on how to balance various topics submitted to the Call for Proposals at the various Write the Docs conferences

Examples of topics that are out of the scope of the WEP process:
- Requests to change CFP policies in a specific conference
- Requests to create a new Slack channel
- Specific CoC violation reports
- Requests to create a new meetup

Topics that are out of scope for a WEP should be discussed in other community platforms, such as within the conference team, Slack team, or Code of Conduct team. The WEP team will direct out-of-scope pre-proposals to the relevant team in the rejection comments.

Generally, WEPs do not contain the names of individual people, but rather references to teams in the Write the Docs organization. Similarly, they don’t contain fixed budget numbers, but instead guidelines for how to implement the budget. 

How to submit a WEP
-------------------

Anyone from the community can submit a WEP! Here's how it works, and what to expect.

The WEP process and system are administered by the following teams:

Core Operations team

>   There are several reference in this WEP to the **core operations (CoreOps) team**. This team is currently known as the **core team** and the team description can be found on the `Core team page <https://www.writethedocs.org/team/#core-team>`_. The updated name is intended to reflect the purpose of the team more accurately in the context of its duties for the community. 

Reviewer: s/reference/references/

WEP team

>   The **WEP team** is a new team that reviews WEP proposals for clarity and completeness. For the purpose of this WEP the team is initially composed of the Core Operations team, but in the the future will be open for other community members to join. 

Reviewer: I do not know what this means:

> For the purpose of this WEP the team is initially composed of the Core Operations team, but in the the future will be open for other community members to join.

Does this mean that the WEP team will change after WEP 1, or will it require a WEP to include others on the WEP team?

Reviewer: Or until there's a WEP to establish the membership process.. ?

Author: Yea, the goal is to have all the WTD teams defined in an upcoming WEP, but it won't define membership, just the structure. It's a bit circular, but couldn't think of a better way to do it. The goal is for the WEP team to be made up of members of the community who want to help with the process, but currently it's the Core Ops team because we don't have a WEP team to join currently.

Reviewer 2: The future WEP should also include definitions around joining and leaving teams, but I don't htink we need to get into such a level of detail in the scope of this WEP.

  
Note that the process to join and leave teams is out of scope of this WEP and will be handled in a future WEP.

> At a very high level, the WEP submission process includes the following stages:

Reviewer: Should this be written in a more active voice, e.g. If you have an idea for <maybe link to the list above>, take the following steps:

Author: I think this is more the definition of the process, I think we'll grow a "how to" guide in the future as we get more process around it.

#. `Community review, discussion, and updates`_ — During the review period, the WEP draft is discussed, improved, and updated based on incoming feedback from the community. Feedback is welcome from the whole community, as long as it arrives within the review period. 

#. `Final review and resolution`_ — At the end of the review period, the WEP is examined for **lazy consensus**. A lazy consensus means a situation where the community either provided feedback, approved the WEP explicitly, or ignored the WEP altogether. In some cases where consensus wasn't reached, the review period might be extended, but never shortened.

#. `Implementation`_ — If the WEP is accepted, the processes or policies described in the WEP are implemented by the CoreOps team, the WEP author, or specific community members as defined in the WEP.

The following sections describe each stage in more detail.

Pre-proposal
............

> The WEP process begins with a new idea for Write the Docs. It is highly recommended that a single WEP contain a single key proposal or new idea. 

Reviewer: Does it have to be a "new idea"?

If the WEP contains multiple proposals, I think that would come out in the discussion.

Author: I don't think we're going to judge things by any new-ness quality, it's more just a turn of phrase. Perhaps "process update" is more explicit?

Reviewer 2: In the tech writing world, the word "new" is usually redundant. I vote we clean it up and just say "idea".

> To help prepare the WEP draft, we encourage community members to discuss the idea publicly, for example in the Slack group, and gather initial community feedback before writing a full WEP. Public discussions on pre-proposals also help to make sure the idea is applicable to the entire community and not just to the author.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an idea for a WEP:

 - Discuss the idea in a public forum such as the Write the Docs Slack.
 - Gather initial community feedback to enhance your WEP. 
 - Make sure your idea applies to the entire community and not just yourself.
```

> A WEP can be co-authored by more than one community member, but we recommend keeping the number of co-authors small and choosing a representative who will submit the PR to the WEPs repository on behalf of the co-authors.

Reviewer: > we recommend keeping the number of co-authors small

I'm not sure we should even mention this. But if you think it's important, I'd like an explanation.

If I were a WEP author, I'd want to have as many "co-sponsors" as possible.

Reviewer 2: There is a difference between "co-authors" and "co-sponsors". Co-authors are actively creating the WEP before it's submitted to community discussion, while co-sponsors should be enlisted during the discussion phase. The goal here is to distinguish ownership of the WEP creation and feedback implementation, and you probably don't want 10 people authoring the same WEP for logistical reasons :)

Author: I think we stole this from the PEP process, but I think the goal is to have a couple people responsible for shepherding it. If 5 people come together it becomes hard to figure out who is in charge and can make decisions. I think smaller is definitely better in terms of the proposal team, but not in terms of who looks at and reviews it.

Reviewer: Appreciate the explanation. Then maybe s/on behalf of the co-authors/on behalf of all supporters of the WEP/

(The current text, to me, implies that support is limited to the authors)

Reviewer 2: I wrote in a suggestion to expand this paragraph and differentiate between authors and supporters. Feel free to edit/adapt as needed.

Draft submission and pre-review
...............................

> A draft WEP must be submitted in a GitHub pull request to the `writethedocs/weps <https://github.com/writethedocs/weps>`_ repository, in the ``drafts/`` directory. If you need help with working with GitHub or creating a PR, please feel free to send an e-mail to support@writethedocs.org, and the Write the Docs team will help you get started.

Reviewer: Maybe "To submit a draft WEP, set up a GitHub pull request on the ..."

Author: I think the passive voice here is again probably better, since we're trying to define policy, not necessarily provide a user guide. Though we are speaking to the users a bit, so I think it's blurry. I'm thinking we probably just need to create a "how to submit a WEP" guide, that would exist outside of this policy, since we *really* don't want people to have to read this whole policy in order to submit a WEP.

Reviewer 2: Should we make it an explicit thing in the WEP? Having a Getting Started doc shouldn't be too hard to extrapolate out of this PR, but not sure if we should mention it here.

Reviewer: > we probably just need to create a "how to submit a WEP" guide, that would exist outside of this policy, since we really don't want people to have to read this whole policy in order to submit a WEP.

I think that addresses the crux of my concerns -- I'm reading this from the PoV of someone who might submit WEPs.

Reviewer: Thinking big picture: we need more volunteers. Few people understand how to volunteer to help, beyond what we do at conferences. While I understand the need for this WEP process, I think this feels like another barrier to entry for new contributors. 

A simplfied "how to submit a WEP" guide IMO would help.

Reviewer 2: Created a new issue #2 to handle a how-to guide, since it'll be separate from this WEP

The WEP draft must follow these guidelines:

> - WEP is actionable and implementable. The proposed change must be specific and the resulting action clear.

Reviewer: I'd leave out "WEP is actionable and implementable"

Author: Agreed, it's a bit of a weird sentence, the second one is more clear :+1:

> - WEP fits the scope of the WEP process, as described in **Scope of WEPs**. WEPs that are out of scope of the process will be rejected by the reviewer.

Reviewer: s/reviewer/WEP team/ 

(since anyone can review a PR, we should be specific)

- Content format must follow the WEP style as described in the **WEP format and style** section. This includes language, grammar, structure, and markup. The PR might be blocked until proper formatting rules are applied.
- The WEP content is complete. If you want to submit a Work in Progress (WIP) draft before it is ready for pre-review, you can mark the PR as ``WIP`` and the review team will wait until the draft is ready.
- **Allow edits from maintainers** option is selected. This helps the reviewer merge your WEP draft if it is accepted.
- The PR is tagged with a **draft** flag, to indicate that it is in a draft state and is ready for pre-review. 

> After the pull request for the WEP draft is submitted, a WEP team member reviews the pull request to make sure it adheres to the guidelines. If the WEP is clearly not ready, the reviewer might reject the pull request and ask the author to submit a new WEP after the problems have been fixed.

Reviewer: This seems redundant to line 117

Author: I think it's trying to describe the process the WEP team will take, instead of defining the rules of the process itself.

> The reviewer does not vote on the proposed change itself, and only reviews the WEP for scope compliance, format, and completeness. The pre-review period is usually one week, but might change based on the scope of the pre-review feedback and the availability of the author to implement changes.

Reviewer: That suggests the "reviewer" is different from the "WEP team", which upon first reading contradicts earlier text

Reviewer 2: The term "reviewer" is defined in the first paragraph as "a WEP team member... reviews"

Author: I've added `WEP team reviewer` to be more explicit, which seems fine.

> After the WEP is ready for the community review, the reviewer assigns the **ready-for-discussion** label to the PR. The CoreOps team is then responsible for distributing announcements of each WEP to the relevant community segment. For example, a WEP about meetups will be shared with the Meetup team for distribution between the meetup organizers. For some WEPs, community-wide announcements will be made on Slack or to the mailing list. 

Reviewer: Would this be the "WEP team" now or in the future?

Reviewer 2: Not necessarily, because the WEP team might not have the same access permissions to share the post in admin-only channels on Slack etc..

Author: I could see it moving to the WEP team at some point, but mostly just did it this way to simplify the process for now. I think the communication bits are going to be tricky, and probably need the most iteration as we implement things.

  
Community review, discussion, and updates
.........................................

> The standard community review period for a WEP is **30 days**. The WEP is reviewed by a process called **lazy consensus**. This means that community members either provide feedback, approve the WEP explicitly, or ignore the WEP. 

Reviewer: The "community review" is different from the "reviewer" who looks at scope and compliance? The redundancy in these terms is confusing me

Author: Yea, the WEP team does the initial review for acceptance, then the wider community will look at it and have input. There are effectively 2 stages of review.

Author: I've changed the language to `decided on`, since reviewed here I agree is ambiguous.

Anyone from the community can submit a WEP! Here's how it works, and what to expect.

The WEP process and system are administered by the following teams:

Core Operations team
  There are several reference in this WEP to the **core operations (CoreOps) team**. This team is currently known as the **core team** and the team description can be found on the `Core team page <https://www.writethedocs.org/team/#core-team>`_. The updated name is intended to reflect the purpose of the team more accurately in the context of its duties for the community. 

WEP team
  The **WEP team** is a new team that reviews WEP proposals for clarity and completeness. For the purpose of this WEP the team is initially composed of the Core Operations team, but in the the future will be open for other community members to join. 
  
Note that the process to join and leave teams is out of scope of this WEP and will be handled in a future WEP.

At a very high level, the WEP submission process includes the following stages:

#. `Pre-proposal`_ — Someone has an idea and they start collecting early input and feedback to see if it is within the scope of a WEP. This can be done informally, publicly or privately.

> #. `Draft submission and pre-review`_ — The WEP author writes a rough draft of the WEP and submits it in a pull request (PR) to the WEPs repository. The draft is pre-reviewed by an editor for style, formatting, and eligibility for the WEP process. If the WEP is pre-approved, it is accepted for discussion and the review period begins.

Reviewer 3: Is it worth stating '30-day review period' here? My immediate reaction was to question how long this was... I thought I'd missed something until I found out 40 lines later.

Reviewer 4: Probably. The 30 days only starts after the draft period, and it is important that that is clear.

Reviewer 5: I've clarified this.

A draft WEP must be submitted in a GitHub pull request to the `writethedocs/weps <https://github.com/writethedocs/weps>`_ repository, in the ``drafts/`` directory. If you need help with working with GitHub or creating a PR, please feel free to send an e-mail to support@writethedocs.org, and the Write the Docs team will help you get started.

The WEP draft must follow these guidelines:

- WEP is actionable and implementable. The proposed change must be specific and the resulting action clear.
- WEP fits the scope of the WEP process, as described in **Scope of WEPs**. WEPs that are out of scope of the process will be rejected by the reviewer.
- Content format must follow the WEP style as described in the **WEP format and style** section. This includes language, grammar, structure, and markup. The PR might be blocked until proper formatting rules are applied.
- The WEP content is complete. If you want to submit a Work in Progress (WIP) draft before it is ready for pre-review, you can mark the PR as ``WIP`` and the review team will wait until the draft is ready.
- **Allow edits from maintainers** option is selected. This helps the reviewer merge your WEP draft if it is accepted.

> - The PR is tagged with a **draft** flag, to indicate that it is in a draft state and is ready for pre-review. 

Reviewer 6: What is "tagged" here? Is this opening the PR in GitHub's _draft_ status, a label on the PR, text in the WEP, or something else?

Reviewer 4: My understanding is this: https://github.com/writethedocs/weps/pull/1/files#diff-f47194e85dd085426bc962ab2fd3baf6R202 

A GH action to parse that and set labels would be super cute.

Reviewer 2: I think that it boils down to labels that are manually assigned, rather than a draft state. Let's reword this to align with GH terminology.

If the review period ends without a clear consensus, but further discussion is still needed, the review period might be extended by the WEP team. The review period is never shorter than one month, but other WEPs can be submitted in the meantime, and multiple WEPs might be undergoing a community review simultaneously. 

During the community review period, the WEP goes through one or more iterations of feedback and updates. Community feedback is submitted in the form of comments to the PR, and the WEP author is responsible to update the WEP content in case the incoming feedback is accepted.

All discussion on the WEP must happen on the PR in the form of comments in order to be considered as official feedback on the WEP. Of course external conversations can happen on other platforms, but the official record for a WEP discussion is only on the PR itself. If discussion happens on another platform, we recommend copying the most important points or the results of those discussions into the WEP comments.

> You must have a GitHub account to post comments to a PR. If you need help getting started with GitHub, email support@writethedocs and the WTD team will help you set up your account and get familiar with GitHub basics. 

Reviewer 7: Should this be `support@writethedocs.org`?

Reviewer 5: It should be, thanks!

Final review and resolution
...........................

At the end of the community review period, the WEP is accepted if it meets the minimum criteria and received lazy consensus as described in the previous process stages.

The WEP team reviews the final WEP content and if it is accepted, the team merges the PR, removes the **ready-for-discussion** flag, and moves the WEP to the ``accepted`` directory of the GitHub repository. 

Possible resolutions for a WEP are:

Accepted
  Reason: Community feedback was completed with lazy consensus achieved, and the WEP content is complete and follows the formatting guidelines. 
  Action: The WEP team merges the PR and stores the WEP in the ``accepted`` directory.

Rejected

>   Reason: Community feedback led to disagreements about the WEP that cannot be resolved, or the original goal of the WEP is no longer considered an improvement to the community. 

Reviewer 6: > no longer considered an improvement to the community

I think the passive voice here makes it hard to understand the process. Is this meant to be a characterization of the review discussion (e.g., community feedback leads to a negative consensus that the WEP should be rejected)? Or is this an independent conclusion of the WEP team (e.g., the WEP team reviews the final text and makes its own decision on whether its an improvement to the community)?

Reviewer 5: The former, I'd say.

Author: Agreed that I think we meant the former. I guess we should have a state that is "rejected by the powers that be" -- perhaps `Vetoed`, which makes this more explicit?

Reviewer 2: I'm not comfortable with a Veto option here, since it seems a bit contradictory to the consensus idea. I made a suggestion to reword the text to make it more explicit, maybe it'll solve the question.

  Action: The WEP team moves the WEP to the ``rejected`` directory and merges the PR with a description of the rejection decision.

Withdrawn
  WEP author is no longer interested in pursuing the change, or no progress was made during the pre-review stage before the WEP was sent to community review. 

>   Action: The WEP author moves the WEP moves the WEP to the ``withdrawn`` folder and merges the PR with a description of the withdrawal decision.

Reviewer 6: Out of curiosity, why are withdrawn PRs merged at all, instead of closed?

Reviewer 8: I'd assume that it allows folks to see any WEP ideas that were proposed and the discussion leading up to the withdrawal. That meta info could help someone riff of that WEP and come up with an alternative proposal.

Author: Yea, I'm not attached to this as a process, since the closed PR's will also be public. I think we mostly stole it from Python, and I don't have a good argument for either approach being better.

Reviewer 2: I vote in favor of keeping withdrawn WEPs in the repository, because it's another (possibly easier) way to access old WEPs not via searching or scanning PRs.

Implementation
..............

After a WEP is accepted, the work outlined in the WEP must be done. For most WEPs, the CoreOps team is responsible to take the needed action or coordinate with other teams to take the need actions.

For example, if this WEP is accepted, it means the system is now in place and the CoreOps team will publish the information to the community website and establish the WEP team, along with other related tasks that need to be done to implement the process in the community. 

Some WEPs might require specific community segments to implement the resolution, and such requirements are described in the WEPs directly. 

WEP format and style
--------------------

To make the authoring and reviewing process easier, WEPs must follow a common format and style. 

We use `reStructuredText <http://docutils.sourceforge.net/rst.html>`_ markup language for all WEPs, to align with the same markup that is used in all other Write the Doc documentation.

In most cases, you can start by copying the `WEP template <../wep-template.rst>`_ and adding content as needed. The following sections describe the various sections of the template:

> .. AI - Make the template!

Reviewer 6: This appears to have been done.

```suggestion
```

The field list usually includes the following fields:

- ``:WEP-Number:`` - Number of the WEP, in running order in 4-digit format. Only use the number value, without the acronym **WEP**. For example, this WEP is numbered ``0000``. If the number is unknown or unassigned when you first create the WEP, you can leave this field blank and the number will be updated at the resolution stage.
- ``:Created:`` Date of initial creation, in the format YYYY-MM-DD. 
- ``:Last-Modified:`` Date of the most recent changes to the WEP, in the format YYYY-MM-DD. 
- ``:Author:`` - Full names of one or more authors of the WEP. Do not write email addresses or social media nicknames in this field. If the WEP is co-authored by multiple people, use a bulleted list similar to the header of this WEP.
- ``:Status:`` - Current status of the WEP. All WEPs begin with a ``Draft`` status, and the field changes with every stage in the WEP lifecycle. For example, ``Accepted``, ``Rejected``, ``Withdrawn``, ``Final``, or ``Superseded``.
- ``:Replaces:`` - Optional. If this WEP was created instead of a previous WEP that was rejected or withdrawn, list the number and title of the previous WEP.

> - ``:Superceded-By:`` - Optional. If this WEP  rejected or withdrawn and a newer WEP was submitted instead with updated content, list the number and title of the WEP that supercedes this WEP.

Reviewer 3: Minor nit but there is a double-space between 'WEP' and 'rejected'.

Reviewer 5: This is fixed, thanks!

> - ``:Superceded-By:`` - Optional. If this WEP  rejected or withdrawn and a newer WEP was submitted instead with updated content, list the number and title of the WEP that supercedes this WEP.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- ``:Superceded-By:`` - Optional. If this WEP rejected or withdrawn and a newer WEP was submitted instead with updated content, list the number and title of the WEP that supercedes this WEP.
```

strong eyes @scottydocs !

Reviewer 7: “If this WEP rejected” should be “If this WEP was rejected”

Reviewer 5: Thanks, fixed.

#. `Community review, discussion, and updates`_ — During the review period, the WEP draft is discussed, improved, and updated based on incoming feedback from the community. Feedback is welcome from the whole community, as long as it arrives within the review period. 

#. `Final review and resolution`_ — At the end of the review period, the WEP is examined for **lazy consensus**. A lazy consensus means a situation where the community either provided feedback, approved the WEP explicitly, or ignored the WEP altogether. In some cases where consensus wasn't reached, the review period might be extended, but never shortened.

#. `Implementation`_ — If the WEP is accepted, the processes or policies described in the WEP are implemented by the CoreOps team, the WEP author, or specific community members as defined in the WEP.

The following sections describe each stage in more detail.

Pre-proposal
............

> The WEP process begins with a new idea for Write the Docs. It is highly recommended that a single WEP contain a single key proposal or new idea. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The WEP process begins with an idea for Write the Docs. It is highly recommended that a single WEP contain a single key proposal or idea. 
```

If you have an idea for a WEP:

 - Discuss the idea in a public forum such as the Write the Docs Slack.
 - Gather initial community feedback to enhance your WEP. 
 - Make sure your idea applies to the entire community and not just yourself.

> A WEP can be co-authored by more than one community member, but we recommend keeping the number of co-authors small and choosing a representative who will submit the PR to the WEPs repository on behalf of the co-authors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A WEP can be co-authored by more than one community member, but we recommend keeping the number of co-authors small and choosing a representative who will submit the PR to the WEPs repository on behalf of the co-authors. 

After the WEP is submitted, additional supporters of the WEP can add their votes in the community review round, but only the co-authors will implement feedback in order to simplify the editing process.
```

...............................

A draft WEP must be submitted in a GitHub pull request to the `writethedocs/weps <https://github.com/writethedocs/weps>`_ repository, in the ``drafts/`` directory. If you need help with working with GitHub or creating a PR, please feel free to send an e-mail to support@writethedocs.org, and the Write the Docs team will help you get started.

The WEP draft must follow these guidelines:

- The WEP's proposed change must be specific and the resulting action clear.
- The WEP fits the scope of the WEP process, as described in **Scope of WEPs**. WEPs that are out of scope of the process will be rejected by the WEP team.
- Content format must follow the WEP style as described in the **WEP format and style** section. This includes language, grammar, structure, and markup. The PR might be blocked until proper formatting rules are applied.
- The WEP content is complete. If you want to submit a Work in Progress (WIP) draft before it is ready for pre-review, you can mark the PR as ``WIP`` and the review team will wait until the draft is ready.
- **Allow edits from maintainers** option is selected. This helps the reviewer merge your WEP draft if it is accepted.

> - The PR is tagged with a **draft** flag, to indicate that it is in a draft state and is ready for pre-review. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The PR is tagged with a **draft** label in GitHub, to indicate that it is in a draft state and is ready for pre-review. 
```

You must have a GitHub account to post comments to a PR. If you need help getting started with GitHub, email support@writethedocs.org and the WTD team will help you set up your account and get familiar with GitHub basics. 

Final review and resolution
...........................

At the end of the community review period, the WEP is accepted if it meets the minimum criteria and received lazy consensus as described in the previous process stages.

The WEP team reviews the final WEP content and if it is accepted, the team merges the PR, removes the **ready-for-discussion** flag, and moves the WEP to the ``accepted`` directory of the GitHub repository. 

Possible resolutions for a WEP are:

Accepted
  Reason: Community feedback was completed with lazy consensus achieved, and the WEP content is complete and follows the formatting guidelines. 
  Action: The WEP team merges the PR and stores the WEP in the ``accepted`` directory.

Rejected

>   Reason: Community feedback led to disagreements about the WEP that cannot be resolved, or the original goal of the WEP is no longer considered an improvement to the community. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Reason: Community feedback led to disagreements that prevented the WEP from reaching consensus, or the original goal of the WEP is no longer considered an improvement to the community. 
```

:WEP-Number: 0000
:Created: 2019-10-01
:Last-Modified: 2019-10-01
:Author:  - Eric Holscher
          - Sasha Romijn
          - Samuel Wright
          - Mikey Ariel
:Status: Draft
:Replaces: N/A
:Superceded-By: N/A

> WEP0000 - Initial Launch of the WEP Process

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WEP0 - Initial Launch of the WEP Process
```

Some WEPs might require specific community segments to implement the resolution, and such requirements are described in the WEPs directly. 

WEP format and style
--------------------

To make the authoring and reviewing process easier, WEPs must follow a common format and style. 

We use `reStructuredText <http://docutils.sourceforge.net/rst.html>`_ markup language for all WEPs, to align with the same markup that is used in all other Write the Doc documentation.

In most cases, you can start by copying the `WEP template <../wep-template.rst>`_ and adding content as needed. The following sections describe the various sections of the template:

File name
.........
The file name must follow the naming convention ``WEP[####]_[descriptive-but-short-title]``. For example, this WEP file is named ``WEP0000_wep-proposal``. In another example, a WEP to propose a new Slack channel naming convention might be named ``WEP0001_slack-channel-renaming``.

>   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Note that the full file name must contain lead-in digits to enable auto-sorting of files and URLs. The title of the WEP can use the short name.
```

Metadata
........
The WEP file must begin with a header list of metadata fields, using the standard `RST field list <http://docutils.sourceforge.net/docs/ref/rst/restructuredtext.html#field-lists>`_ format.

The field list usually includes the following fields:

> - ``:WEP-Number:`` - Number of the WEP, in running order in 4-digit format. Only use the number value, without the acronym **WEP**. For example, this WEP is numbered ``0000``. If the number is unknown or unassigned when you first create the WEP, you can leave this field blank and the number will be updated at the resolution stage.

Author: I feel like we should probably just call this WEP0, instead of `WEP0000`. I already know that people will say `WEP1` instead of `WEP0001`, so I feel like we should probably keep them consistent with common usage.

Author: Looking at Python, it seems the filenames use the `0008` convention, but the actual copy is `8`: https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/.

So I think that makes sense to me, where we use the "formal" name as the file, but the common name for referring to it.

- ``:Created:`` Date of initial creation, in the format YYYY-MM-DD. 
- ``:Last-Modified:`` Date of the most recent changes to the WEP, in the format YYYY-MM-DD. 
- ``:Author:`` - Full names of one or more authors of the WEP. Do not write email addresses or social media nicknames in this field. If the WEP is co-authored by multiple people, use a bulleted list similar to the header of this WEP.
- ``:Status:`` - Current status of the WEP. All WEPs begin with a ``Draft`` status, and the field changes with every stage in the WEP lifecycle. For example, ``Accepted``, ``Rejected``, ``Withdrawn``, ``Final``, or ``Superseded``.
- ``:Replaces:`` - Optional. If this WEP was created instead of a previous WEP that was rejected or withdrawn, list the number and title of the previous WEP.
- ``:Superceded-By:`` - Optional. If this WEP is rejected or withdrawn and a newer WEP was submitted instead with updated content, list the number and title of the WEP that supercedes this WEP.

Structure
.........

Each WEP must contain the following sections:

#. **Header.** Header with a list of metadata fields as described in this section.

> #. **Title.** Short descriptive title of the WEP. The title must follow the naming convention ``WEP[#] - [Descriptive title]``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. **Title.** Short descriptive title of the WEP. The title must follow the naming convention ``WEP[#] - [Descriptive title]``. You can use the short numbering format in the title, such as **WEP0**.
```
